NAME - UGWUIBE SOLOMON
GROUP - 21
LLM - Kimi
EMAIL - ugwuibesolomon@gmail.com


Assignment 2 - Personal portfolio site
Hey Kimi

prompt 1 - Logo
Create a perfect design logo for my portfolio website called “PabTech” 

Prompt 2 - styling of the logo
Using Tailwind css place the logo at the top-left corner of the landing page inside the header section. Ensure it aligned properly and have enough spacing from the edges of the screen 

Prompt 3 - Create a navigation
Create a navigation bar that is functional for the portfolio landing page. The navigation bar should contain:
- Home
- About 
- Project
- Contact 
- Skills

Prompt 4 - Styling of the navigation
Style the navigation bar with a white background with opacity and black text color, add hover effect and active state to all the navigation bar.
Make the navigation bar sticky and responsive on desktop screens and use a menu icon for the mobile screen and tablet.

Prompt 5 - Create a Hero section
THE HERO SECTION 
Create a hero section for the portfolio landing page, the hero section should occupy 100vh minus from the header section of the height and 100% width. Add a perfect image for the background that suit the portfolio website.

Prompt 6 - Content for the Hero section
Add the following content on the hero section:
Heading: “Hello I’m Solomon
Paragraph: “Turning ideas into interactive websites through code, creativity, and continuous learning”
Button: Download CV

Prompt 7 - Hero styling
Hero styling - 
Add smooth spacing, modern typography to the hero section. Make the design attractive 

THE ABOUT SECTION 
Prompt 8 - Create About section
Create an about section for the portfolio landing page and make the navigation bar About to navigate to the section. 

Prompt 9 - Partitioning of the Hero section
Partition the section into two sections for the desktop screens horizontally and for the mobile screen vertically.

Left section:
Add a nice image that will suit the about section. Add a 50% rounded on the image with a nice border color.

Right section:
Hi, I'm Ugwuibe Solomon Ebuka, a passionate Full Stack Developer from Enugu State, Nigeria. I enjoy transforming ideas into functional, responsive, and user-friendly web applications.

My journey in technology is driven by curiosity, continuous learning, and a desire to solve real-world problems through code. I have experience working with HTML, CSS, Tailwind CSS, Git, and GitHub, and I am constantly expanding my skills in both frontend and backend development.

Beyond coding, I believe in consistency and growth. Through my 60-Day Build in Public challenge, I share my learning process, projects, and experiences as I continue developing my expertise in software engineering.

I am always excited to take on new challenges, collaborate with others, and create digital solutions that make a meaningful impact.

Prompt 10 - About Styling
Use a light background color that will match with the hero section, and text color black 

THE PROJECT SECTION 
Prompt 11 - Create project section
Create a project section for the portfolio landing page with a Heading “My Project” and ensure the project navigation bar navigate to the section.

Prompt 12 - Cards for the section
Create a 6 cards of a complete project, each project card should show a high level summary of what the project set out to solve 

Prompt 13 - Each card description
In each project cards should the following 
- project image
- Project name
- Skills used for the project 
- GitHub repo
- Live URL
It should also show how it went about, from the design to coding to delivery

Prompt 14 - About styling
About Styling- 
Add a hover effect on each cards, with a rounded corner, spacing, and modern responsive grid layouts. 

Ensure the cards are responsive on smaller screens and tablets 

SKILLS SECTION 
Prompt 15 - Create Skills section
Create a skill section for the portfolio landing page, with a heading “My Skills”. Ensure the navigation bar navigate to the section.

Prompt 16 - Each card description
Create 6 skills cards with an icon that is suitable for each card
Items for the 6 cards:
- Html 
- Css
- Tailwind css
- GitHub 
- AI Annotation 
- JavaScript 
Include icon that is suitable for each card items 

Prompt 17 - Skills section styling
Style all skills cards with soft shadow, rounded corners, hover animations, spacing and modern responsive grid layouts. Use nice background colors for the cards 

THE CONTACT SECTION 
Prompt 18 - Create the section
Create a contact section for the portfolio landing page with a Heading “My Contact” Ensure the navigation link navigate to the section.

Prompt 19 - first Partitioning of the section
Partition 
This section should be partitioned into two sections 
The left section:
A form that will contain the following 
- Fullname
- Email 
- Subject 
- Message 
- Submit button 
The left section styling-
Add a rounded corner, remove the outline from the form, Add a placeholder:
- Fullname - Enter your full name
- Email- Examlpe@gmail.com
- Message- Enter comment

Prompt 20 - Second Partitioning of the section
The right section:
Subheading: “connect with me
Email: ugwuibesolomon@gmail.com
08167358425
Location: Udi, Enugu state, Nigeria
With a social media icons 

Prompt 21 - Contact styling
Contact styling-
Style the contact section with a nice background color, spacing and responsive layout both on mobile screen and desktop screen 

FOOTER SECTION 
Prompt 22 - Create a footer section
Create a  professional footer section for the portfolio landing page 

prompt 23 - content for the footer
Add the following content:
- Logo - exact logo used for the header 
- Quick links
- Social media icons
- Copyright information 

Prompt 24 - Footer styling
Footer styling :
Style the footer with a nice background color 
Add spacing, hover effects, and responsive layout for mobile desktop screens



ENGINEERING WORK DONE--
1.0 Added hover effect on the navigation bar

1.1 - Hero background
1.1.1 Added a background image
1.1.2 Linked my CV repo on the button created for it
1.1.3 Linked my Profile on the icons created

2.1 About section
2.1.1 Added a image of mine

3.1 Project section
3.1.1 Added image for all the card 
3.1.2 link my GitHub Ropo for each card
3.1.3 Link my Live URL link 
3.1.4 Change the content 

4.1 Contact section
4.1.1 link my social media Profile for the icon created

5.1 Footer section
5.1.1 Add a hover effect on the navigations
5.1.2 link my social media Profile for the icon created